[Docs] Cleanup broker documentation (#8053)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/admin-api-namespaces.md

```

#### Split bundle

Each namespace bundle can contain multiple topics and each bundle can be served by only one broker. 

> If a single bundle is creating an excessive load on a broker an admin can split the bundle using this command permitting one or more of the new bundles to be unloaded thus spreading the load across the brokers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a single bundle is creating an excessive load on a broker, an admin splits the bundle using this command permitting one or more of the new bundles to be unloaded thus spreading the load across the brokers.
```

> #### split bundle

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Split bundle
```

Author: FYI this capitalization is not consistent with the remainder of the document - if you agree I'm happy to make the rest of the document consistent with your proposed capitalization scheme. Thanks!

Reviewer: Yes, we use sentence case style for headings in Pulsar docs.
Thank you very much for your contribution.

Reviewer: I notice that the capitalization is not consistent, if you could refine the rest of them, that's really great.

> Each namespace bundle can contain multiple topics and each bundle can be served by only one broker. If a bundle has multiple live heavily-used topics in it, then it creates load on that broker and in order to resolve this issue an admin can split the bundle using this command permitting the new bundles to be spread across the cluster.

Reviewer: 1. what does "If a bundle has multiple live heavily-used topics in it" and "create load" mean? maybe we can refine it to be clearer?
2. Could we refine the last sentence as "... an admin splits the bundle using this command,  and spreads the new bundles across the cluster."?

Author: Made some suggestions based on your feedback. Thanks!
